docs/faq/general-faq.md, before:

---
title: General FAQ
---

<head>
  <link rel="canonical" href="https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/faq/general-faq"/>
</head>

This FAQ is a work in progress designed to answer the questions most frequently asked about Rancher v2.x.

See the [Technical FAQ](technical-items.md) for frequently asked technical questions.

## Is it possible to manage Azure Kubernetes Services with Rancher v2.x?

Yes. See our [Cluster Administration](../how-to-guides/new-user-guides/manage-clusters/manage-clusters.md) guide for what Rancher features are available on AKS, as well as our [documentation on AKS](../getting-started/installation-and-upgrade/install-upgrade-on-a-kubernetes-cluster/rancher-on-aks.md).

## Does Rancher support Windows?

Yes. Rancher supports Windows Server 1809 containers. For details on how to set up a cluster with Windows worker nodes, refer to the section on [configuring custom clusters for Windows.](../how-to-guides/new-user-guides/kubernetes-clusters-in-rancher-setup/use-windows-clusters/use-windows-clusters.md)

## Does Rancher support Istio?

Yes. Rancher supports [Istio](../integrations-in-rancher/istio/istio.md).

## Will Rancher v2.x support Hashicorp's Vault for storing secrets?

Secrets management is on our roadmap but we haven't assigned it to a specific release yet.

## Does Rancher v2.x support RKT containers as well?

At this time, we only support Docker.

## Does Rancher v2.x support Calico, Contiv, Contrail, Flannel, Weave net, etc., for embedded and registered Kubernetes?

Out-of-the-box, Rancher provides the following CNI network providers for Kubernetes clusters: Canal, Flannel, Calico and Weave.  Always refer to the [Rancher Support Matrix](https://rancher.com/support-maintenance-terms/) for details about what is officially supported.

## Are you planning on supporting Traefik for existing setups?

We don't currently plan on providing embedded Traefik support, but we're still exploring load-balancing approaches.

## Can I import OpenShift Kubernetes clusters into v2.x?

Our goal is to run any Kubernetes clusters. Therefore, Rancher v2.x should work with OpenShift, but we haven't tested it yet.

## Is Longhorn integrated with Rancher?

Yes. Longhorn is integrated with Rancher v2.5 and later.

Commit message:

Update  general-faq.md
Updated the compatibility question for Hashicorp's Vault to reflect that the product is SUSE "Ready" Verified and in the Rancher partner charts.

docs/faq/general-faq.md, after:

---
title: General FAQ
---

<head>
  <link rel="canonical" href="https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/faq/general-faq"/>
</head>

This FAQ is a work in progress designed to answer the questions most frequently asked about Rancher v2.x.

See the [Technical FAQ](technical-items.md) for frequently asked technical questions.

## Is it possible to manage Azure Kubernetes Services with Rancher v2.x?

Yes. See our [Cluster Administration](../how-to-guides/new-user-guides/manage-clusters/manage-clusters.md) guide for what Rancher features are available on AKS, as well as our [documentation on AKS](../getting-started/installation-and-upgrade/install-upgrade-on-a-kubernetes-cluster/rancher-on-aks.md).

## Does Rancher support Windows?

Yes. Rancher supports Windows Server 1809 containers. For details on how to set up a cluster with Windows worker nodes, refer to the section on [configuring custom clusters for Windows.](../how-to-guides/new-user-guides/kubernetes-clusters-in-rancher-setup/use-windows-clusters/use-windows-clusters.md)

## Does Rancher support Istio?

Yes. Rancher supports [Istio](../integrations-in-rancher/istio/istio.md).

## Will Rancher v2.x support Hashicorp's Vault for storing secrets?

Secrets management is on our roadmap but we haven't assigned it to a specific release yet. However, Hashicorp's Vault is SUSE "Ready" Verified to work on Rancher. Documentation for this can be found in [SUSE's Partner Certification & Solutions Catalog](https://www.suse.com/pcsc/viewVersionPage?versionID=23747) or in [Rancher's partner charts](https://github.com/rancher/partner-charts/tree/main-source/charts/hashicorp).

## Does Rancher v2.x support RKT containers as well?

At this time, we only support Docker.

## Does Rancher v2.x support Calico, Contiv, Contrail, Flannel, Weave net, etc., for embedded and registered Kubernetes?

Out-of-the-box, Rancher provides the following CNI network providers for Kubernetes clusters: Canal, Flannel, Calico and Weave.  Always refer to the [Rancher Support Matrix](https://rancher.com/support-maintenance-terms/) for details about what is officially supported.

## Are you planning on supporting Traefik for existing setups?

We don't currently plan on providing embedded Traefik support, but we're still exploring load-balancing approaches.

## Can I import OpenShift Kubernetes clusters into v2.x?

Our goal is to run any Kubernetes clusters. Therefore, Rancher v2.x should work with OpenShift, but we haven't tested it yet.

## Is Longhorn integrated with Rancher?

Yes. Longhorn is integrated with Rancher v2.5 and later.
